May the Empress Dowager have long life and peace.
Quickly pay your respects to the Emperor.
I pay my respects to Your Majesty.
I pay my respects to the Noble Consort.
Mother, what is going on?
Yesterday, the National Consort brought Wan Ning to visit me.
I found this child very likable.
So I made her a Noble Consort.
The Emperor has no objections, right?
I dare not object.
But I think
Mother should have consulted with me first.
I did not act impulsively like the Emperor did.
I did not act rashly like Xia Zhi Feng did.
Where is Noble Consort Long?
I am very satisfied.
It seems the Empress Dowager treats me like a second Yan Guifei.
Otherwise, why would there be such trouble?
Making her niece deal with me.
Then we will take our leave now.
We won’t disturb the Empress Dowager and her niece any longer.
Rise.
I summoned you to the palace.
I made you a Noble Consort
because I find you clever and considerate.
I also know you have been with the Emperor for a long time.
But you saw just now
how much the Emperor favors Su Qingyun.
I understand the Empress Dowager’s intention.
You’re afraid that Noble Consort Rong will become too powerful in the harem.
Be smart in the future.
Just follow Su Qingyun
and serve the Emperor by his side.
Don’t worry about other matters.
Based on my understanding of the Emperor,
the harem cannot temporarily belong to the Song family.
Otherwise, it would implicate the Song family.
I won’t be able to protect you.
I will heed your advice, Your Highness.
If there is anything I do not understand, I will come to ask you.
Let Wang Mo Mo assist in the Yao Hua Palace now.